Even if you try to follow the plot choice and design guidelines
expressed in this course, it may be difficult to tell for certain
whether or not you have an effective visualization.
If you're uncertain about whether or not your explanatory visualizations
are conveying the story you want to tell and even if you are confident,
it's never a bad idea to make use of feedback from others to guide your designs.
A friend, family member, or coworker can all provide feedback.
You don't need someone with visualization experience.
After you've created version of your visualization,
ask them what they think was the main point of the visualization.
See if they have any questions about the data or if there is
something in the visualization that they don't understand.
Based on the feedback, you'll have valuable information
to continue to improve the clarity of your message.
The fresh perspective provided by your test reader may
reveal things that you missed when you are putting the visualization together.
Irrelatively making improvements with the help of others in
this way will make your visualizations the best that they can be.